[Music]
air conditioning leaks can be pretty
hard to find we use all kinds of
techniques to try and find the leak we
used to use sniffers a lot but they can
be pretty hard to pinpoint dye is pretty
accurate but sometimes when you die
system it's still you look all over it
and you still can't find the leak
sometimes you might be suspecting that
Schrader is leaking but if there's dye
in the system you know when you put the
quick-connect for your AC lines on there
that's where you install the dye is on
the low side so when you pull this off
your little valve is going to be covered
with dye you don't know if that is dye
from the install of the dye or is it
actually dye from the leak well there's
one way I found that helps you determine
that and that's use an audio vise audio
amplifier it works pretty simple just a
set of headphones that plugs into a wand
you can control the volume you set that
right on top of there and that guarantee
if that is leaking you will hear it so
we're going to show you how it works the
sound amplifier is actually a pretty
simple device has just got a very
sensitive microphone on the end of it
it's got a volume control so that you
can turn it up you put the headphones on
and you start listening now you may have
to get very precise because you could be
all around something you could be as
close as an inch or a half inch away and
not hear it so we're going to put the
microphone into the camera so that you
can hear it and show you this leak now
you can tell sometimes you've got to be
right on it before you'll hear
come away but you may be around it over
here and you don't hear anything so you
can be pinpoint right down to the nigger
right where the leak is that sure helps
you confirm your diagnosis when you can
amplify that sound there are pretty
handy devices they're pretty sensitive
too they're very common very handy for
air conditioning leaks exhaust leaks
intake leaks anything where you aren't
sure you can amplify that sound and sure
makes a lot easier to diagnose it when
you can confirm it that way hey did you
just hear that